fix(AWSMobileClient): crash fix for call to leave DispatchGroup (#3949) (#3951)
aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios: CHANGELOG.md

- **AWSMobileClient**
  - Reset completion sources in AWSMobileClient (See [PR #3732](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/pull/3732))

>   - Crash fix in AWSMobileClient for call to leave DispatchGroup (See [PR #3732](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/pull/3949))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Crash fix in AWSMobileClient for call to leave DispatchGroup (See [PR #3951](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios/pull/3951))
```
